allow to configure a default global enroll secret (#6609)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Deploying/Configuration.md

    basic_auth:
      password: "bar"
  ```

> #### Packaging

Reviewer: The packaging feature is using this flag/feature to force an enroll but I'm not sure the config belongs to "packaging" per-se.

Author: yea, agreed it's a tough one. I couldn't imagine an scenario outside packaging so I included it in here. I know you said it's ok but if we change our mind I'm happy to move this where it makes more sense.

> Configurations used to control how Fleet interacts with the packaging server.

Reviewer: with the (coming soon) packaging server?

(For this iteration of Fleet Sandbox there won't be a packaging server.)

These features are currently only intended to be used within Fleet Sandbox, but
this is subject to change.

> ##### packaging.global_enroll_secret

Reviewer: We should indicate that the value should be kept secret and that we advice using randomly generated text of >= 24-bytes. (Or link to the method that we use in the code, `GenerateRandomText(24)`).

Author: awesome idea, I clarified this and included an example using `openssl`

Enroll secret to use for adding hosts to the global scope. If this value is

> set, the server won't allow to change the enroll token via the config

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
set, the server won't allow changes to the enroll secret via the config
```
